Readme Overhaul (#705)
idom-team/idom: README.md

# IDOM &middot; [![Tests](https://github.com/idom-team/idom/workflows/Test/badge.svg?event=push)](https://github.com/idom-team/idom/actions?query=workflow%3ATest) [![PyPI Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/idom.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/idom) [![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-purple.svg)](https://github.com/idom-team/idom/blob/main/LICENSE)

> IDOM is a Python framework for building **interactive websites without needing a single line of JavaScript**. Web elements you provide (ex. `button`, `div`, `image`) are combined into [reusable "components"](https://idom-docs.herokuapp.com/docs/guides/creating-interfaces/your-first-components/index.html#parametrizing-components). Using IDOM's [ReactJS](https://reactjs.org/) backed design, components can utilize [hooks](https://idom-docs.herokuapp.com/docs/reference/hooks-api.html) and [events](https://idom-docs.herokuapp.com/docs/guides/adding-interactivity/responding-to-events/index.html#async-event-handlers) to create infinitely complex web pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IDOM is a Python framework for building **interactive websites without needing a single line of JavaScript**. Web elements you provide (ex. `button`, `div`, `image`) are combined into [reusable "components"](https://idom-docs.herokuapp.com/docs/guides/creating-interfaces/your-first-components/index.html#parametrizing-components). Using IDOM's [ReactJS](https://reactjs.org/) inspired design, components can utilize [hooks](https://idom-docs.herokuapp.com/docs/reference/hooks-api.html) and [events](https://idom-docs.herokuapp.com/docs/guides/adding-interactivity/responding-to-events/index.html#async-event-handlers) to create infinitely complex web pages.
```

Author: I feel like this change loses the point that we utilize ReactJS on the front-end. Thoughts?

Reviewer: I don't think users will really care how the client is implemented - I think the most important thing to communicate here is that IDOM's Python API is React-like.

Author: I'd say we still need this info somewhere to let people know that our client is ReactJS based. If it's not in the readme, maybe the FAQ?

Author: Let me know if the latest changes make things better.

# IDOM &middot; [![Tests](https://github.com/idom-team/idom/workflows/Test/badge.svg?event=push)](https://github.com/idom-team/idom/actions?query=workflow%3ATest) [![PyPI Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/idom.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/idom) [![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-purple.svg)](https://github.com/idom-team/idom/blob/main/LICENSE)

> IDOM is a Python framework for building **interactive websites without needing a single line of JavaScript**. Web elements you provide (ex. `button`, `div`, `image`) are combined into reusable "components". Components [can be nested together](https://idom-docs.herokuapp.com/docs/guides/creating-interfaces/your-first-components/index.html#conditional-rendering) and utilize [ReactJS-style hooks](https://idom-docs.herokuapp.com/docs/reference/hooks-api.html) to create complex web pages. Ultimately, all IDOM components are communicated to the browser and then rendered by ReactJS.

Reviewer: I feel like this paragraph is trying to say too much. I don't expect people to understand everything about IDOM from this README since they should go to the actual documentation for more details. In some sense this should be a teaser.

Author: My idea behind this is to highlight the main selling points of IDOM more prominently. From the perspective of people who don't know about IDOM, I find these features to be more important than ecosystem independence.

The last sentence is the one I find over-excessive, but I wanted to make sure we mention we are ReactJS-backed somewhere in the readme.

Author: I'll see if I can wordsmith this to be more compact.

Reviewer: Sorry, I've been heads down on [this PR](https://github.com/idom-team/idom/pull/703) so haven't managed to think about this yet.

Author: I've significantly reduced the verbosity while still highlighting the key features.

Take a look at the live hosted version to see what it looks like now:
https://github.com/Archmonger/idom/tree/readme-summary-revise

When needed, you can import JavaScript from [NPM](https://idom-docs.herokuapp.com/docs/guides/escape-hatches/javascript-components.html#dynamically-loaded-components) into your Python components. If you want to develop a component entirely within JavaScript, you can utilize the [JavaScript Components API](https://idom-docs.herokuapp.com/docs/guides/escape-hatches/javascript-components.html#custom-javascript-components) for additional flexibility.

> Due to our ecosystem independent design, IDOM can be added to existing projects built on a variety of sync and async web frameworks. For example, you can take components originally developed in Jupyter and embed them into an existing Flask application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IDOM's ecosystem independent design allows it to be added to existing projects built on a variety of sync and async web frameworks. For example, you can take components originally developed in Jupyter and embed them into an existing Flask application.
```

# Resources

Follow the links below to find out more about this project.

> -   [Try it Now](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/idom-team/idom-jupyter/main?urlpath=lab/tree/notebooks/introduction.ipynb) - check out IDOM in a Jupyter Notebook.
> -   [Documentation](https://idom-docs.herokuapp.com/) - learn how to install, run, and use IDOM.
> -   [Community Forum](https://github.com/idom-team/idom/discussions) - ask questions, share ideas, and show off projects.
> -   [Contributor Guide](https://idom-docs.herokuapp.com/docs/developing-idom/contributor-guide.html) - see how you can help develop this project.
> -   [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/idom-team/idom/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) - standards for interacting with this community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Try it Now](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/idom-team/idom-jupyter/main?urlpath=lab/tree/notebooks/introduction.ipynb) - check out IDOM in a Jupyter Notebook.
- [Documentation](https://idom-docs.herokuapp.com/) - learn how to install, run, and use IDOM.
- [Community Forum](https://github.com/idom-team/idom/discussions) - ask questions, share ideas, and show off projects.
- [Contributor Guide](https://idom-docs.herokuapp.com/docs/developing-idom/contributor-guide.html) - see how you can help develop this project.
- [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/idom-team/idom/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) - standards for interacting with this community.
```
